Sister Zhao, I am a family person.
is a good man,
Your wife should be very happy,
I'll prepare money for you. Come,
for you. Thank you, Sister Zhao,
little fish, little,
I will definitely make it up to you. In this life,
One million, I brought it. Just guess a few people to call,
You just missed a million,
You shouldn't have sold your wife.
They also wanted to tie them up and sell them together.
Too much less than a million.
Now the boss likes to admit it
You feel really tired
Where does he have so much money?
Couldn't it be fake?
If you dare to crack down on counterfeit money, we can work together
true or false
this million
Even if I have the strength, I will be satisfied.
There is nothing extra
I quite thought of it than I always did.
This money is not free.
a sin other than